Eventing Manager Module Documentation (#226)
kyma-project/eventing-manager: docs/contributor/installation.md

For information about the prerequisites, refer to [Development](./development.md) and for a detailed guide to the development flow, visit [Governance](./governance.md).

## Run the manager on a (k3d) cluster using a Docker image

### Installation

1. Ensure you have a k3d cluster ready.
   ```sh
   k3d create cluster <clusterName>
   ```

    > **NOTE:** Alternatively to a k3d cluster, the Kubecontext can also point to any existing Kubernetes cluster.

2. Install the CRD of Eventing Manager.

   ```sh
   make install
   ```

3. Export the target registry.

   If you are using Docker, `<container-registry>` is your username.

      ```sh
      export IMG=<container-registry>/<image>:<tag>
      ```

4. Build and push your image to the registry.

   ```sh
   make docker-build docker-push IMG=$IMG
   ```

   > **NOTE:** For MacBook M1 devices, run:
   >
   >   ```sh
   >   make docker-buildx IMG=$IMG
   >   ```

5. Deploy the controller to the k3d cluster.

   ```sh
   make deploy IMG=$IMG
   ```

6. To start the reconciliation process, apply the Eventing Custom Resource.
This step depends on your desired backend: NATS or EventMesh.

    - **Backend: NATS**

>       For NATS Backend you can apply the default Custom Resource using the following command:  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      For NATS Backend you can apply the default CR using the following command:  
```

      ```sh
      kubectl apply -f config/samples/default.yaml
      ```
    
      The `spec.backend.type` needs to be set to `NATS`. You can configure the backend using the `NATS` related field in `spec.backend.config`.
    
      ```sh
      spec:
        backend:
          type: NATS
          config:
            natsStreamStorageType: File
            natsStreamReplicas: 3
            natsStreamMaxSize: 700M
            natsMaxMsgsPerTopic: 1000000
      ```

    - **Backend: EventMesh**

>       For EventMesh Backend you can apply the default Custom Resource using the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      For EventMesh Backend you can apply the default CR using the following command:
```
